Josh,

I had a similar problem and was able to reverse engineer the power view web console to create a job that runs a number of times a day and emails me if there are issues. NOTE: the web dashboard is at 45 minutes behind and at worse hours behind. I did accidentally call it too much and was blocked, so do NOT call these APIs too frequently.

A couple of things to make my solution work:
1. Under settings you need to make the dashboard publicly visible.
2. You will need to use the Developer tools on your browser to find the API call for getting devices on the dashboard page, mine is https://pwrcell.generac.com/1245369.json?_=<Some number>. I don't know what that number is or I would tell you where to get it.
3. The above call gives you a list of your devices and there statuses.
4. Get the power using this https://pwrcell.generac.com/power/<pvLink>/now/all.json where <pvLink> is the id for each PV Link, which can be seen in the dashboard by expanding the PVLinks section in the dashboard or is returned in the devices call above. this returns all the power ever generated by the PVLink, it is an arrays of [Unix Epoch Time, power in watts, boolean that I don't know]...in my solution I go through and add up all the power for the day and then compare all my PV Links power for the day and send an email if one or more of the links is not making power or if they are more than 10% different.
5. Get the energy using https://pwrcell.generac.com/energy/{pvLink}/now/all.json where <pvLink> is the id for each PV Link, which can be seen in the dashboard by expanding the PVLinks section in the dashboard or is returned in the devices call above. this returns all the energy, but only a commutative total by day, so to figure out how much was generated for a given day you have to subtract the previous day number from the day you want the energy for.

For my solution I actually host it in AWS using Lambdas and Cloud watch events to do 4 full checks
- Morning report that emails me the details from the previous day generation of power and energy
- 9 AM, Noon, 5 PM checks that only email on error

I hope this helps,
John
